Speaker A: Live.
Speaker B: Yo, what's up, everybody? Welcome to the podcast. You're watching the Mega 64 podcast. We are the mega 64 boys on a hot Sunday night.
Speaker C: Yeah, baby.
Speaker A: We're back.
Speaker B: Getting the microphone perfected here.
Speaker C: Get ready. Wow, that trophy looks good sitting next.
Speaker A: To you over there. Yep.
Speaker B: Admire it from afar because this thing.
Speaker A: Is not going anywhere.
Speaker D: Well, don't admire it too far because it's blocking me in the wide. Oh, actually, it's okay.
Speaker E: It's fine.
Speaker C: Next time it comes around, Rocco, I'll get it over here and I'll modestly keep it behind me in the set.
Speaker A: I'm coming for it.
Speaker E: If I win it, I'll just give it to whoever wants it the most.
Speaker C: I got a lot of talk out at PAx East. A lot of people wanted to discuss how the twister rematch went down.
Speaker B: I got a lot of soling you on your.
Speaker C: I got a lot of consolation. I got a lot of shoulders to cry on.
Speaker B: And a lot of people were crying on you.
Speaker E: Yeah, well, he was doing the.
Speaker C: Yeah, I was doing a little sobbing on some shoulders over in Boston, baby.
Speaker B: You weren't crying?
Speaker E: No, we went for 40 minutes.
Speaker B: It was like a fucking iron, man.
Speaker C: It really was. It surprised me, man. I mean, I thought it had been like 15. I was worried about it getting boring after 1520 minutes when you guys said 40.
Speaker E: Yeah, I was bored after three.
Speaker C: Shit. That's why the ref ear was allowing for all kinds of.
Speaker E: No, I was saying that I was tired from just calling the things out. Like voice was hoarse. Yeah, I can't imagine doing that. That's a lot of work.
Speaker B: Never do it again.
Speaker A: Derek.
Speaker B: Fans come up to you and say.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah, hey, you lost to the man, dude.
Speaker B: Totally shame in that.
Speaker C: Yeah, you and Sean were very missed out at.
Speaker E: I missed. I missed. I haven't been to Boston a bit.
Speaker C: The Pax family, it's nice out there, especially the developed area around the convention center.
Speaker A: Oh, is it?
Speaker C: Developed lots more. Restaurant options, grocery stores. Remember the good old days where there was like 1711?
Speaker E: That was a 711 to eat at.
Speaker C: Those days are gone. There's a dunkin on every corner.
Speaker A: How was the show floor?
Speaker C: Very nice half tabletop, I would say. Kind of like we experienced last year, the first year back from the pandy. It's more tabletop than ever before. I mean, dice and cards and that kind of shit has taken over to where, you know, a good amount of video games and some of the bigger exhibitors came like Nintendo. Still no Microsoft, no Sony, but Nintendo showed up this year they were there.
Speaker E: But they were like, showing games that were already.
Speaker C: It was a weird arcade. Lot of it seemed like a thrown.
Speaker D: Together thing for walked in. It was weird. You walked in, whatever, the convention center, and they had a statue of link.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: And that was it.
Speaker C: That was for the new game.
Speaker D: They had a thing on the actual show floor just where you play, like, splatoon with other people.
Speaker C: No, it was a bunch of games.
Speaker D: It was a bunch of.
Speaker C: It was a tournament.
Speaker D: It was all versus games.
Speaker C: Our friend Sam, you know, the Nintendo fan girl? Yeah, she won first place, and I guess moves on during the next packs west in the Nintendo tournament. But it was like, yeah, Mario Kart. And then they had old Super Mario nes in.
Speaker E: In the ring, but they didn't have the new Zelda at all. You didn't play it?
Speaker C: Nope.
Speaker E: Has anyone played this fucking game? It's not playable anywhere. I guess this would put it out.
Speaker A: We have theories on that. Oh, what are they?
Speaker C: Well, I heard a theory.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker C: Did you tell me this, Rocco? Were we talking about this?
Speaker B: The conspiracy theory?
Speaker C: I don't want to take credit for someone else's idea, but the idea makes a lot of sense to me. What I heard.
Speaker B: What did you hear from a little.
Speaker C: Birdie over Pax weekend was know this game is going to look and play real similar to the last one, Breath of the wild. And that if they start showing too much, it's just going to be negative. Complaints of that. Like, these are the same enemy skins and the same look and feel and game mechanics and, oh, man, this just is like DLC, isn't it?
Speaker A: And maybe they just wait because it's.
Speaker C: Going to be fine.
Speaker B: Well, now you've planted that idea in my head. I never really considered that it could just be DLC.
Speaker C: I mean, I feel like that's how the majora's mask was looked at after.
Speaker A: What's it called?
Speaker B: Ocarina of time. I never played Majora's mask.
Speaker E: Me neither. And I love Ocarina.
Speaker B: Yeah. Got my fill on Ocarina of time. I didn't need any ocarina.
Speaker E: Repeating Majora's mass, though, came out pretty quickly. If I recall, after Ocarina time, it was like a year or two.
Speaker D: Yeah, maybe two, something like that.
Speaker E: So this is more of a break.
Speaker D: But that theory. The only thing with that theory, Garrett, is that then a day later announced they showed 20 minutes of gameplay after not showing it for so long.
Speaker A: They did show.
Speaker C: That came out.
Speaker D: They showed a long.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Where'd they show it not e three?
Speaker D: No, they did like a Nintendo direct.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: Sort of. Not really, but something like that.
Speaker C: And that's just something heard and I can't even remember who told me.
Speaker D: Lots been going on, but yeah, I have still not watched that full thing. I saw that there was like a thing where you could combine weapons now, or you have items, and now you can straight up like the way the first game had the chemistry engine where.
Speaker A: You could kind of just find different.
Speaker D: Ways to accomplish something where it's like certain things had chemistry with one another. Like fire would do this to that and whatever. Apparently now weapons are combinable. Where it's like someone has a fucking.
Speaker A: Shield and combines it with a leg.
Speaker D: Of an animal and then they make a thing out of it. Or they collect eyeballs from these creatures.
Speaker A: That they kill and then combine it.
Speaker D: With their arrows, and then they shoot these eyeball arrows and poisons people.
Speaker E: Or that can't miss because.
Speaker D: Is that what it was? Oh, that's what it was.
Speaker A: Okay. Yeah.
Speaker D: Like I said, I did not watch it.
Speaker E: It was something that. I mean, Beckett told me about all this. I haven't seen it, but they put a mushroom with a shield, and then the guy hit the shield like the bad guy did. And then heals you. No, it was like poisonous gas went around him. He started coughing, and then he snuck around him and killed him from behind because he was too distracted.
Speaker B: That's great. He dosed the enemy.
Speaker E: He did.
Speaker B: A little unethical, if you ask me. I don't need a new the bad guy now.
Speaker C: I don't need a new game engine. I'm fine with it being the same game engine as breath of the wild.
Speaker E: I guess there was some. One of the bigger creatures, and he took a long stick and then a pitch fork and combined them to make a super long pitchfork and then stab him really far away. And the guy couldn't reach him to look at this. Hey, that's fun.
Speaker B: Here's an idea for a Zelda game, okay? Nintendo is a freebie. Feel free to take some notes. You play as Ganon, and you hear that there's some little fucker out there who's looking for you, and you have to track him down and take him.
Speaker A: Out before he gets.
Speaker E: And send people maybe as well.
Speaker B: It's like, okay, yeah, it's strategy. You manage some armies, you send them out there, but then you hear, oh, I hear he's in Kakrico village. So you go down there looking for him. You get there, it's like, well, no, he's up there in the fucking labyrinth. So then you have to go into the labyrinth looking for him, but you're always just, like, two steps behind him. So you're beating the fucking labyrinth. Like, where is he gone?
Speaker E: Or you can even set up traps for him in the labyrinth. Like, oh, he's going to labyrinth. I'm going to make this so fucking hard. And you can decide where the bad guys are and what they're going to do to you.
Speaker B: They program link to be, like, the most insanely difficult AI. Yeah. You have to level Gannon up to the point where you take him down.
Speaker D: They treat him like Jason Voorhees kind.
Speaker E: Of coming at you, but then at.
Speaker B: The end of the game, in a twist, in a tragic twist, he takes you out. Imagine the whole new video game genre. You die at the end.
Speaker E: You can't win, or you lose at the end. What if, all of a sudden it switches, and then you're linked now, and you have to defeat your old self?
Speaker B: Oh, you've leveled yourself up so much, and now you got to take.
Speaker E: See, Nintendo.
Speaker B: That's how you make a sequel.
Speaker C: Talk to these guys.
Speaker B: I mean, putting an eyeball on the arrow also sounds cool, I have to.
Speaker D: Admit, because there is a lot of, like, oh, this one looks the same as the last one. I do feel like that engine was interesting enough. They can get one more.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, for sure.
Speaker D: Before moving on to. I don't necessarily want ten more like.
Speaker E: This, but is it a new map?
Speaker B: Do we know?
Speaker D: No, the map is the same.
Speaker C: Oh, is it?
Speaker D: That was a controversial thing with people. People were like, but now you can.
Speaker E: Go in the sky. Yes.
Speaker D: There is another layer on top of it, up in the air. So people are like, oh, well, we don't know how robust that is.
Speaker B: Same map. Same map. So you start in that fucking tomb, and you go to the coliseum.
Speaker E: Same location. What the fuck?
Speaker D: All of that is the same. But there's a second map on top.
Speaker B: There's clouds now.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: You'd walk in the clouds.
Speaker E: I mean, sky islands. Sound cool.
Speaker B: Skylands.
Speaker E: Skylands.
Speaker D: But, yeah, that was always what was so appealing about breath of the wild to me. There were a lot of repeating things on the map or things that were similar to one another, whatever. But the amount of creative ways I could find to conquer certain things, I don't know. The way I could creatively kind of make my own story with that was really neat. And adding another layer on top of that with this sounds cool. So I hope it's.
Speaker B: Did everyone here. Beat breath of the wild.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: No, you didn't beat it.
Speaker C: I got so deep into just doing the shrines, I unlocked the master sword and then I never fucked with story.
Speaker B: Yeah. Did you beat it?
Speaker D: Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: I did not.
Speaker B: But I heard that the ending was disappointing from people who did.
Speaker D: The story was nothing.
Speaker E: The story was whatever. But I honestly never really cared about the stories in Zelda. I just want to explore the world.
Speaker D: It's weird because I always love when video games have a good story or an interesting whatever. That's, I would say, more important to me than maybe a lot of people I know would care about. And yet with Zelda, it does not.
Speaker E: Play a. I think I already know this story so well, and I've played this story so many times where it's like, well, I got it. Don't even tell me the story at this point. I know.
Speaker D: Yeah. It was like the skeleton of it was there, like, oh, you're waking up. And they kind of implied that this version of Link is long after the other ones. There's just remnants of an old world now. And that was, like, enough for me to go off on. It didn't really hurt it to me.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I was fascinated with the Zelda lore for a long time. The universe in which all the games are connected and the timelines of, like, this game happened before this game or this game happened after that. So it would have been cool if they would have built that out more with subsequent games. But I agree.
Speaker A: A good gameplay makes up for lack.
Speaker B: Of a good story.
Speaker D: I will say, though, to be fair. What was it not Twilight Princess? Skyward sword. Skyward Sword did have a lot of subtle lore about, oh, this is the first time this story has ever happened. Doesn't the triforce not even exist?
Speaker E: Yeah, I didn't mean it's been so long.
Speaker D: So that has that one. And then Breath of the wild did have a lot of also just subtle lore about, like, this one is actually the other end where it's like, all that happened so long ago.
Speaker B: It's all buried even, like, so that.
Speaker D: Was kind of cool.
Speaker E: The music you all know and love was kind of, like, there but broken. It was all fucked up because it's been so long.
Speaker D: Little warped piano versions of this old kingdom theme, and you kind of can't make it quite out. So I thought on that end it was actually the lore side was cool, but the actual story in the game, you know what I mean? It's pretty much like, all right, you're awake. Go kill Ganon again.
Speaker B: I do love breath of the wild, even though I didn't beat it. It's up there in my top three favorite zeldas, but I feel like Legend of Zelda has a curse where every other game is a good one and then every other game in between. Those are, like, kind of shitty.
Speaker D: Well, to be fair, and to be fair, too, I feel like I've always had kind of mixed feelings on. Whenever they do. They've kind of done this before where they do the second one of a system again. Majora's Mask. I know people are going to be not happy, but that wasn't really my thing.
Speaker C: The timer, man. Bummer.
Speaker D: Yeah, I wasn't into that. Hey, I'll even say going back to Zelda two on the NES was not my thing.
Speaker C: That's where we differ.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: The wi.
Speaker B: We had a. I've gone back and tried to play Zelda two as an adult. I still can't fucking figure that shit out.
Speaker D: It's pretty. Like, it's dead impenetrable.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think it's a hard game.
Speaker C: And I never knew what I was doing until I was an adult and watched a friend sit and play and went, oh, fuck.
Speaker A: Okay, so what do people need to.
Speaker B: Know to understand that game?
Speaker C: That there are certain areas you have to clear first before you could even think about advancing. And there are certain items that, as a kid, I didn't put two and two together. Like, why can't I see in any of these caves? I just thought it was really a hard game. You had to jump around, guessing where the pitfalls would be. There's a fucking candle. I just didn't know how to go get the candle in the village because I would always do, like, other shit that's close by, but it's really like, you got to take this fucking desert route. You got to go get the heart container first, then you got to go get the candle. There's just a strategy to that game that you can't. It's not sandbox. It's so linear, but it drops you in a sandbox. And that's where, as an eight year old, I fucked myself constantly playing that game.
Speaker D: To be fair, I can think of a lot of almost modern rpg things that are in it that my fucking peanut brain could totally handle back then.
Speaker C: Using magic and saving magic spells and stuff for certain boss fights, and it.
Speaker D: Almost felt too complicated at the time.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: But to be fair, again, Derek, I feel like I tried to play it again recently and was just as, like.
Speaker B: I don't what yeah, it's like a Nintendo design.
Speaker C: It's super old fashioned.
Speaker B: I feel like game theory has progressed so much in 30 years, we don't understand. It's hard to figure that game out.
Speaker A: Still to this day doesn't work like.
Speaker B: A modern game, doesn't work like a standard game from its era. So it's an anomaly.
Speaker D: Yeah, I guess I kind of did appreciate that it went so you could say whatever about Nintendo. But you have to know, sometimes it's.
Speaker A: Good, sometimes it's bad, but they always.
Speaker D: Try to not have the sequel be the same thing. Which I guess that's what feels a little weird about this new one coming out is it's like it's not going to be the same thing again, is it? I don't think deep down it will. I feel like they always make some know Ocarina of time into Majora's mass. They could have just, oh, here's a handful more dungeons, but instead you go, oh, the world's going to end in three days. You kind of have to do this before that happens. And there is always an effort to make it like, why is this one unique? Which I can't appreciate, that goes all the way back to the beginning for them. So hopefully that it feels that way with this new one. But again, then there's sometimes that you just want a new fucking metroid. Can you just make it actually better example, Starfox. Can you just make another? No, no, this Starfox different. This has gyro controllers and uses the wi uh. I really just would like to fly the. You know there are some times where people just want that.
Speaker A: Like but for.
Speaker D: The most know they try to be unique in a good way.
Speaker B: Hey Nintendo, I got an idea for a newfox. Get your pencil and pad ready.
Speaker A: Take some notes.
Speaker B: You're not Starfox in this new Starfox game.
Speaker A: Who are you?
Speaker B: Starfox is the commander now of a whole legion of fighter pilots. And every time you go out you play some nameless fucking animal in a jumpsuit and there's permadeth so every time you complete a mission, you can level up your plane or level up your character. And next time you go out, you have the option to take out a different character and level up like wide across multiple characters or keep sticking with the same guy, making him stronger and stronger. Knowing that if you fail the mission, that guy is done. The army is like, that's our best pilot.
Speaker A: Oh fuck.
Speaker B: We lost our best pilot and the whole army gets weaker. So you're Starfox and you manage a.
Speaker E: Group, plays, like, tough. I remember, like, in Red Dead, when you go out with, like, a horse and some freak accident happens and your horse died, it's like, no, my fucking horse.
Speaker D: That hurt. That hurt my horse.
Speaker C: I restarted games over that.
Speaker E: You did?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I was like, I'm not losing. Not losing my original, because I had.
Speaker E: Other horses in the stable, but that.
Speaker B: Was, like, my favorite train hit or something.
Speaker D: Am I crazy? With Red Dead, wouldn't they, like, save immediately when that kind of thing happened? So you couldn't do that? Maybe I'm remembering something else.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know. I don't think so, because I still had whatever Tennessee Walker was the breed that I started with. I still had him at the end of the game.
Speaker E: But the idea of Permadeth in a Starfox game is pretty fun because that was hard.
Speaker B: I don't think anybody here has played XCom.
Speaker C: I have.
Speaker D: I know about it and didn't play it.
Speaker B: So it's squad based. Every mission goes out. You can have, like, between four or six soldiers, and you decide, like, oh, this guy is heavy. He has the machine gun. Oh, this guy's demolitions. This guy's a sniper. But if somebody on your team dies, they're fucking dead. And you have to recruit a new person who's, like, level zero. But every successful mission, they gain experience, can level up their weapons.
Speaker C: So you might have a favorite guy. He gets fucking killed in the third boss fight to the end, and you're like, oh, shit.
Speaker B: Yeah. You may want to have, like, two teams, and you bounce back and forth between them so that they get equal experience, but half of them get wiped out. You're like, well, shit, now, I'm not sending that team out again. You have to redistribute your guys.
Speaker A: Starfox.
Speaker C: Listen up. Nintendo.
Speaker D: It would work. They kind of did. Didn't Nintendo have kind of their own XCOM with that, like, mario and rabbits thing? Didn't it play?
Speaker C: I have no idea how rabbits.
Speaker D: I thought the one on Switch was like, Xcon.
Speaker E: I heard, but those games.
Speaker D: Oh, really?
Speaker E: Oh, I don't get it, though. I watch him play it. I'm like, I don't get why this is fun. I don't get what he's doing.
Speaker D: I just don't want to look at those rabbits things.
Speaker E: I don't care it worse.
Speaker C: Minions.
Speaker E: Yeah, you're right. They are ugly minions.
Speaker D: But, yeah, I think something like that would be cool. Didn't Kojima talk about. I mean, I know he made Raiden, the main character in MGS two, because he didn't want it all to be on one famous hero. He wanted to be like, yo, be a soldier. Here's a soldier. And I thought there was other concept stuff for that. He was going to make it where if he died, they just sent someone else in or something. I swear I read that. But maybe I could.
Speaker C: Another VR soldier.
Speaker A: Yeah, roguelike.
Speaker D: But speaking of, while we're talking about video games, I have been playing resident evil four remake.
Speaker A: What's that?
Speaker D: They remade resident evil four. Can you believe it?
Speaker B: That's what.
Speaker A: Yeah, where have I been?
Speaker D: And yeah, in case you've been living under a rock, resident Evil Four was the fourth one in the series. Actually, that might not even be true. There were other ones.
Speaker C: For real? Yeah, they skip code.
Speaker A: Veronica.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: They fucked Veronica over.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: So much for Veronica.
Speaker A: And give her a what?
Speaker D: Nobody was more jaded about this than me because I never felt like that needed to be remade. I still played it.
Speaker B: I might have been more jaded than you. Yeah, I played it and I still don't think they should have made it.
Speaker D: But no, I was not very excited. I don't know.
Speaker A: I just felt like.
Speaker D: I played it so many times and I'm like, I think I'm good. But then they showed more and more trailers. Honestly, my fear with it was they could only screw it up because I felt like the first few trailers that they showed were a lot more like grim and kind of dark than I was used to. And to me, what I loved about that game was it was really creepy.
Speaker A: But kind of like hokey too, kind of funny.
Speaker D: And I was like, they're never going to get that balance right. It just won't happen. But they showed more and more trailers and I was surprised by some of the things. Now you like it and now I'm playing it and I can't stop playing it. I'm like halfway through it and I can't quit because it's that game with really smooth gameplay. I mean, obviously the graphics are great.
Speaker A: But what I'm so happy to see.
Speaker D: Is they didn't really fuck with that. The goofy parts are still there and goofy. I am very sensitive to scary stuff.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's my thought. You don't like scary stuff.
Speaker D: And I thought, like, all these parts that were like, in the daytime, they're going to make them at night with like a flashlight now and stuff. But they didn't really do any of that.
Speaker E: So it's not that scary.
Speaker D: I feel the same as I did before. I was freaked out by the original Resident Evil Four because I'm weak with stuff like that. But there were scary parts in it. I mean, you had the regenerators and things like that.
Speaker A: I thought those were.
Speaker C: It's tense. You round the corner and there's a big dude in a pig mask with a hammer. Yeah, the music ramps up.
Speaker D: I feel the same way with this one as I did with that one. I'm also like, what am I rank? Am I ranking like, is this better than the old one? To me, it's that game with really smooth modern gameplay that feels really good. So yeah, I can't rank one over the other. I think some people are like even enjoying the new one even more or whatever. Maybe if you weren't there when the first one came out. It's harder to play that one, but I don't know, it's interchangeable to me. But I would put the original in my fucking top ten because that's the original.
Speaker C: It's hard for me to ever rank the originals versus the remakes in either, whether one gets the higher nod or not, but to just even categorize them against each other, I don't like doing that either. Yeah, they're remakes. The originals are the originals. Like, I have a favorite order of the original games and I have a favorite order of these remakes now because Resident Evil Four is fucking awesome.
Speaker B: Are your orders different?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So what's your ranking of the original Resident evils?
Speaker C: The original? Yeah, top core, top five resident evils core series.
Speaker A: The director's cut of the original Resident.
Speaker C: Evil two, Resident Evil four.
Speaker A: Then Resident evil three, then Code Veronica. Okay.
Speaker B: And of the remakes, I haven't finished.
Speaker C: Four yet, but it's really fucking good. And remake one is right now currently in front.
Speaker A: And then I would put maybe four, then remake two, then three, and they haven't done code Veronica. Okay. Yeah.
Speaker E: Not that my opinion matters, but it matters to me.
Speaker B: Sure. You're the resident evil.
Speaker E: I got tattoos expert. Once you get a tattoo on anything.
Speaker C: Give you some of the favorite series, that's fair enough.
Speaker B: You're a famous gamer. That's your favorite series.
Speaker D: But yeah, I've played the old one a thousand times and just playing this one, I just fell back into it. And the gameplay feels so good and I'm really enjoying. They really play with your expectations, with certain things that you're waiting. Oh, shit. That didn't happen. Okay, when is that going to happen? Now. Oh, God, where is that? And things like that. But yeah, I've been super just enjoying it.
Speaker C: And you've played other versions in HD? I haven't played a version since the Wi. Basically, I played it three times, Gamecube, PS two, and the Wi. And I thought the Wi was the perfect version because you could just shot everything.
Speaker D: That was great.
Speaker C: Yeah. But you've played subsequent other releases?
Speaker D: I think so, yeah. I think I did play it on PS three, but I don't know if I did the ps four version, but it was like, again, this was all the same game every couple of years. I just wanted to play it again.
Speaker C: You have such a good memory. So you do hold on to. Because I'm having trouble now remembering. I'm like, damn, did that happen this.
Speaker D: Way in the first one? That's what's cracking me up is how many people have told me have been like, dude, this one looks cool. Like, I like, you play Ashley now.
Speaker A: That's dope.
Speaker D: I'm like, yeah, did that in the first one.
Speaker C: People are saying.
Speaker D: I would say 99% of things that people have told me, like, I love that they added this. I'm like, they didn't. What's the same game?
Speaker C: Something early on in the first village, the chainsaw demo village, you go up into a high ladder clock tower, and if you doddle around up there too long, you fall through the floor. That scared the shit out of me. Yeah, I don't remember, honestly. Was that in the original?
Speaker D: I can't remember.
Speaker C: I can't remember that later on. Yeah, there's other stuff that happens in that tower that's not in the original. I know, but they're good at subverting, like you said, your expectations. Yeah, I've had a blast with how the treasure hunting is more intricate before. Add some jewels to the treasure, make it worth more. Well, now, I mean, add the jewels to the treasure, but add the ones. Be careful which ones you add. You could always make them worth more by adding more precious gems. Save your that and the grinding for CP has added all this other accomplishment kind of thing. Yeah, little mini games, not just with the shooting galleries, which are all back too. And fantastic. A brief respite from the horror is going into this pirate themed shooting gallery, and it's like all fun and fanfare and it's nice. There's relaxing areas of this game.
Speaker D: Yeah, you can do a shooting game to get charms for your case. There's more like rpg esque kind of thing.
Speaker C: Totally.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Adding in that rpg element of this charm gives you 15% on shotgun drops. Oh, this one will boost this stat. Maybe you play that way or not.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And I'm seeing people that are good at it and they're like John Wick, where they're fucking pulling a duck under a guy's attack, doing a suplex, then coming around. Knife, knife, knife. And it's like, is this a shooting game or is it all. It's all QTe melee if you're good.
Speaker A: Yeah. I haven't fucked with hardcore mode, though. Not for me.
Speaker D: No. But anyway. Yeah, so, yeah, this is just yet another version of this fucking game I'm playing through again.
Speaker C: It's a good game.
Speaker D: I played it 20 times before. I'll play it 20 times more. Four is one of my favorite games of all time.
Speaker C: It's so much more arcade and actiony than any other. It's not really survival horror. It's where resident evil took this kind of break from that genre, in my opinion, because you're given so much ammo.
Speaker A: And you're encouraged to kill everything and.
Speaker C: You'Rewarded for doing that. Whereas even the re two and re three remakes, you're limited on your ammo. You got to fucking duck and dodge and leave enemies in a room.
Speaker D: I never played the original two, so I played the two remake and I was like, running out of ammo and turned it off.
Speaker C: That's that game.
Speaker B: So where do they go from here?
Speaker A: Code Veronica, please. Yeah.
Speaker B: Is that the next one you want?
Speaker C: It's so off the walls, but it's so mainline character based. It's like the big stories of Chris.
Speaker A: Claire and Albert Wesker, which are mainline.
Speaker C: I mean, top bad guy.
Speaker B: The premise of Code Veronica Claire gets.
Speaker C: Abducted by umbrella as she's trying to blow up their base on Rockford island, which is another branch that the Ashford family, with their own mansion has set up and done their research on a virus called the Code Veronica virus instead of the t virus. And while Claire is there, she gets captured.
Speaker B: Veronica is not a character. It's just the name.
Speaker C: No, Veronica is kind of like the last boss in the game, but.
Speaker A: Oh, shit.
Speaker C: There's this crazy cross dressing brother who's running around the island shooting you all the time, pretending he's a sister. Alexa, the story has an enemy called Nosferatu. He's like this.
Speaker D: Watch out for that guy. I don't want to spoil it.
Speaker B: Is it coming? During the day?
Speaker C: There's a talking rat. You find little notes left by a rat in the game. That is like leaving. It's wacko.
Speaker E: It's such a japanese.
Speaker D: It just cracks me up because I remember after they remade three, everyone was like, well, the next one in the storyline is Code Veronica. They better not fucking remake four. They better do Code Veronica.
Speaker C: That was me.
Speaker D: I know so many people that were saying that. And I'm looking at this like, okay, one is one of the best selling games ever released that they know they can make an instant billion dollars if they remake. And the other has the talking rat. That leaves you.
Speaker C: He's in love with Claire.
Speaker D: And to this day. But that's what's crazy, is to this day, I know people who love resident evil, that will still be like, yeah, so what was Code Veronica? Like, what was that? It's weird how much that flew under a lot of people's radar.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Because it was just the name.
Speaker D: Yeah. Dreamcast, maybe.
Speaker C: I didn't have a dreamcast, and I was so jealous. I was dying inside as a hardcore resident evil fan. Like, the new game came out on a different console and I just had to wait until it was rereleased on the PS two.
Speaker B: Do you think they'll remake five?
Speaker D: I talked to my brother about this.
Speaker A: And he was saying, he's like, I.
Speaker D: Feel like they could, if they remade it to be like the other ones. Do you know what I mean? Like, third person, single player. And they made it more in the vein of the other ones, but in its current form, I don't know if.
Speaker A: Anyone'S looking for that, even four.
Speaker D: There were a lot of people going, really? You're doing this? But they made it work. I just don't see.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'm not looking for five horses.
Speaker B: I think that they would probably rather just sweep five under the rug and definitely not talk about it anymore. Definitely six. They probably won't remake that Raccoon City stories. I don't think they're going to remake.
Speaker C: No gun survivors, even outbreak. And outbreak file two, which are great multiplayer games. I feel like there's no interest.
Speaker B: Maybe this will be the last remake.
Speaker E: Yeah, it might be.
Speaker D: I could either see, just with Code Veronica just going back to that, I could either see them going like, here's our chance to like, okay, not enough people heard about this, but this is an existing chapter. Let's make it as big and. You know what I mean? Like, they could make a big new game out of it and give it new life in that way. But I can also see them going like, yo, from a marketing perspective, this didn't work, so why bother the second half? Maybe that would be it.
Speaker C: Second half takes place on Antarctica.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Sean, I have to hand it to you. You're so patient. Yeah, just patiently letting us talk about resident for 20 minutes.
Speaker E: You can go ahead and keep talking.
Speaker D: Padres won, so I know he's going to pop off about it.
Speaker C: He's going to get his padre time.
Speaker D: I'll get a moment.
Speaker E: My own game. I was waiting my time.
Speaker B: What? You've been playing, bro?
Speaker E: I've been playing MLB. The show 23.
Speaker D: Really?
Speaker B: Did you buy it?
Speaker E: I was given it by our friend Javier, who works on the game.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker B: Okay. Nice. I actually had a friend reach out, not Javier, who wanted me to give a code to you.
Speaker E: Oh, really?
Speaker B: That's so sweet. You have another code coming. Oh, man.
Speaker E: Well, that's nice. I know someone who definitely wants it.
Speaker B: Well, all right.
Speaker E: By the name of.
Speaker B: I'll give the code to you and you can gift it to him.
Speaker A: Okay, cool.
Speaker E: Yeah, they make this game every year, but it's great. And they added a new feature, and it covers the negro leagues, and they've never acknowledged that or done that before. And it's fucking cool. It's like a whole history lesson, honestly.
Speaker B: Of, like, woke baseball. Okay.
Speaker E: It's like the whole segregation era. And it's like there's so many players that were amazing that no one ever talks about. Right.
Speaker C: But now you can form a team using these.
Speaker E: Now, basically, they film it in the negro league museum, and the coordinator of the museum is there just talking about, you can pick a player, like, you want to do, like Sasha Page or Jackie Robinson or whatever, and then you pick that. You kind of start their whole story and you play through their story and kind of figure out, how did Jockey Robinson become the first person to cross the barrier? Why was it him? And you're playing.
Speaker C: There's a documentary about him just came out because I just heard him on Howard Stern.
Speaker E: Anyway, you're thinking of Reggie Jackson.
Speaker C: Oh, I'm sorry.
Speaker E: It's okay. Yeah, you play back in the old themes that they.
Speaker C: Is it in black and.
Speaker E: No. Oh, no. But they did make.
Speaker C: They have, like, film grain and it's like newsreel footage, but they do.
Speaker E: It really is more of, like a documentary that you're playing through. I've never experienced anything like that before. That's just another added on feature of this game that I already. So, like, I don't know. I was really into.
Speaker A: And then.
Speaker E: It'S kind of weird. You play so many baseball games, but you've noticed a little changes. And now the commentators are talking about things that happened in the offseason that really did. So I'm playing the Padres and Manny Machado is up and they're like, oh yeah, he assigned eleven year contract extension and the Padres he did like, whoa, you're bringing in. It's not just like up next to third baseman. It's like you're talking about personal things about that player that happened months ago. That's crazy.
Speaker D: On TMZ we caught this guy.
Speaker E: So they really have. I think it is like if you're going to buy a baseball game, this is the one.
Speaker B: Is this the greatest baseball game ever made?
Speaker A: I say yeah.
Speaker E: I say yes. It mean I'm not that far into it. I think it is.
Speaker D: Nope. Bases loaded. Ne.
Speaker E: There's a thousand different modes.
Speaker D: That's a good game too because that one had speech. I guess this one does too.
Speaker B: But how do they top the negro leagues? Like where do they go from here?
Speaker E: I think they could honestly because they said chapter one, I believe. I mean there's so many players that they could highlight. They just did like I think the most famous. I think maybe it's ten players and you could play through their stories. I imagine that the next year we'll have ten more players or whatever and just keep.
Speaker A: Well I need to play it because.
Speaker C: Obviously I don't know my satchel pages from Reggie Jackson's.
Speaker E: I would love them to do.
Speaker C: I need to educate myself a lot to learn.
Speaker E: I like league of their own stuff. I would like that to be next too.
Speaker C: Oh yeah.
Speaker B: Wait, that was just a movie, dude. And then it was just a fictional story.
Speaker D: No, we don't need to make games political guys.
Speaker B: Tom Hanks and MLB 24 the show.
Speaker E: Like if you could play us in Rockefeller Peaches that would be sick in another ten years. Little league, dude.
Speaker D: I heard they wanted it.
Speaker E: There is a little league holy game.
Speaker D: They were trying to do that and get that to work but the piss cut scene was too much for the Blu ray.
Speaker C: Now I'm kind of scared when I open up a game start menu and there's like too many game modes. It's like where do there are. So where do I start?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: Season fucking free play.
Speaker E: And that's the thing too. They have a thing where I play on your pps. Forever ago I made my own character and I was like working my way through the minors to become a major leaguer.
Speaker C: Story mode, right?
Speaker E: But now they have a face scan app and you just scan your face and they put that on the.
Speaker C: I did that shit in Tony Hawk three but I had to use the itoy camera. PS two. Yeah, that was so sick. But you scan your face in.
Speaker E: Yeah, they did this before, but there's a thing where it's like live roster updates. So it's like if the Padres are playing right now in the 7th inning, I could turn the game on and it has the game where it's at, and I just hit start and I'm playing the game where the real game is at. Like, same people are in the lineup. Maybe there's a guy in second base.
Speaker C: Does your tv have picture in picture?
Speaker E: Because it does not.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker E: I could compare it. Yeah, basically it's like, I'm taking over. I'll take it from here, guys. I'll win the game for you.
Speaker C: So cocky.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: Anyways, if you're going to play a baseball game, I recommend this be the one.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker E: So there you go. I felt better. Thank you.
Speaker D: Yeah, I love that this conversation circled back to picture and picture because to me, always the definitive picture and picture will be when you guys lived in an apartment with two tvs and you played back to Resident Evil four and football was on the other tv times. I came in and saw Sean doing.
Speaker E: That a lot of times.
Speaker D: Kind of amazing.
Speaker E: Still have picture and picture because I.
Speaker D: Feel like that was a thing in the. Feel like I haven't seen that feature in a long time.
Speaker E: I haven't seen that in newer tvs.
Speaker C: Yeah, you're right.
Speaker D: You would think that'd be easy to do too with HDMI. Just like flip my old between two sources.
Speaker C: My old receiver that's in the bedroom and the old tv that's in the bedroom. They each have it so I can get like four fucking pictures and pictures if I use the receiver looking at everything. But those are like my old electronics and the upgraded shit that I got in the living room now. Yeah, it's featureless. They don't have picture and picture.
Speaker D: That's interesting.
Speaker C: Really interesting.
Speaker A: Yeah. Only the phones have it now, but, yeah, that's right.
Speaker C: That always scares me on.
Speaker E: I'm like, fuck this YouTube video.
Speaker C: Wait, it's on my home screen.
Speaker D: That was one of the things the iPhone got fucking late. Yeah, I had picture and picture even on the iPad for years before you got any kind of thing. I'm like, hasn't Android had this since, like, 2012? That and widgets, I think.
Speaker A: What?
Speaker D: Like widgets on the home screen or widgets on any screen? I think were two things that were.
Speaker A: Like, yeah, I think Android got this in 2011.
Speaker D: Do you think he'll add that Tim.
Speaker A: Cook is a gatekeeper? Yeah, gatekeeper, cuck. Okay, Tim Cook, how about that. Yeah. Okay.
Speaker C: Switch to Android, Sean.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker E: God, no.
Speaker A: Yeah. What was that?
Speaker C: A dis on Derek? Did you just see the look he gave you?
Speaker B: You don't like my Android?
Speaker E: I'm sorry, I forgot.
Speaker C: Think of other people's feelings before you.
Speaker B: Got a problem with my phone.
Speaker D: What's your beef?
Speaker E: Okay, well, you're right. I should mind my own business. My problem is not with you. Let me clarify. But I hate, and I think this on Apple's end, that I can't send pictures to people with androids.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker E: Always says picture failed, and sending something is a crap.
Speaker B: Will it work?
Speaker E: Will it not? I don't know.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's a problem with Apple. That's why I got out of.
Speaker D: Do I do that all the time?
Speaker B: The phone's broken.
Speaker D: I should say that I send photos.
Speaker A: Of people on Android and it's do I do.
Speaker D: Not an issue.
Speaker E: I'm in a group text with my dad and brother and sister or whatever, and whenever there's one person in there with an Android, it's like, well, I'm not going to be able to send shit in this group text video.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Videos are like a mosaic. You can't even make out what it is.
Speaker B: Well, I'll have you know, the phone heads and you can look this up for Reddit. Slash cell phones. Google Pixel is the king of cell phones right now. Apple, that's millennial and boomers. Google Pixel, that's Alpha and so. And they're obviously inspired by me.
Speaker C: That's the champ. Yep, that's true.
Speaker D: So I'm still, I hate to admit.
Speaker B: It, hip and relevant.
Speaker E: Damn.
Speaker B: I need a new phone, and I'm probably going to get the new Google Pixel, and I'm looking forward to doing it.
Speaker C: What could we do?
Speaker A: I mean, how could we persuade you to ever join?
Speaker B: Bro, I had an iPhone. They're shit. They're actual shit. Yeah, they're actual, literal shit. There's an iPhone club, and it's so strong that people. You have the phone and it links up with your laptop and you have all your devices that speak to each other, but Apple just keeps it proprietary to try to monopolize the market and make more money. I definitely want to break out of that proprietary. Like, I don't want to have a phone, and then I need to get a laptop tied to it to have everything integrated. I'd rather have something that's just compatible with the rest of the market so it's more open ended for me.
Speaker A: That's cool.
Speaker C: You're absolutely right.
Speaker B: And it's like, progressive. All the apps and features are stolen from the Android and come over to Apple, like, years later. So it's not even cutting edge once.
Speaker C: They'Re safe and approved by daddy Cook.
Speaker E: I don't know what happened. I feel like, Derek, something. The same happened to you that happened to my brother where it's like, my brother is worse, for the record.
Speaker B: But here comes the insult.
Speaker E: The level of anger he has towards Apple is like, even mentioning Apple in his presence is like, oh, here it fucking comes.
Speaker D: Yeah, there's like a rage level.
Speaker B: Who mentioned, God damn it. No, he came off as angry, explaining.
Speaker E: Well, I'm saying again, he's much worse. You're fine. I know people have gotten burned by Apple. I feel like you are maybe one of those people who is like, fuck this, I'm out. That's fine.
Speaker B: No, I received a superior product that works. Just, you find something better. And then why would I go back.
Speaker E: To the thing that wasn't as good?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Like, you should try an Android phone sometime. It might fucking make you come for real. You'd be like, holy shit, why have I been waiting for so long?
Speaker D: I could not do my day to day shit. It seriously all comes down to, that's in your brain. I haven't said, whatever it is, it's in your brain. Go, iMessage. If I didn't have iMessage and they keep pushing for like, yo, add that to other devices, but they fucking don't because that sells the fucking devices. But that is so just fucking in everything I do that. I just couldn't not have that.
Speaker B: Well, I haven't received an imessage from you in years.
Speaker A: Yeah, we communicate openly. Yeah.
Speaker B: On a daily basis.
Speaker A: True.
Speaker B: And the phone is like, way more expensive than all the other ones. It's really just hinging on iMessage.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker D: All the ecosystem shit is like, I will pay more to have that. I love the experience of using all the shit across everything and having it just work perfectly.
Speaker A: I like it.
Speaker D: I like that.
Speaker E: I will say, and this is, I think, a statement on me where it's like, my first smartphone was the iPhone, and I got used to it, and then it's like, well, I think I'm too lazy to even investigate. I'm just going to keep buying these in. And that's just as me where it's like, I figured it out, I got it. I know how to do everything on this thing. I don't want to learn how to, I don't want Sharpen scroll one again. So I'm just going to keep going.
Speaker C: I'm the same way. I'm definitely locked into the ecosystem too because I got the phone and then eventually I got the MacBook and then eventually I got the Airpods and the iwatch and it is a beautiful, functional thing that almost works 100% of the time. Almost. There's slight snafus.
Speaker A: But the thing with no viruses was.
Speaker C: Always what I got into Apple for, like the computers, my laptops and my history of pcs and having to build new pcs. I always got fucking computer viruses. My Macbooks last for 15 years until the fucking cpu melts and desolders from the motherboard and then I have to buy a new one and it is like three times more expensive, but it lasts for another 15 years. But again too, I'm in the ecosystem and I wouldn't want to have to.
Speaker A: Go get a fucking Windows laptop, a.
Speaker C: Windows phone, a Windows watch and like, bose. Yeah, I wouldn't want to buy into the whole ecosystem.
Speaker D: I don't think I would care as much because I think I've seen Samsung make some gorgeous phones and stuff like that.
Speaker A: I just think I wouldn't care if.
Speaker D: It wasn't like all of them communicating to everything else that I really enjoy using their ecosystem. And if I didn't have the other components to it, just the phone itself, I don't think I would care. I wouldn't mind learning a new thing that aspect doesn't.
Speaker C: I use other tablets and I use other Android based devices for stuff and they work great for those things. But yeah, I'm in the ecosystem, I'm.
Speaker A: Out of the ecosystem, which I thought.
Speaker B: An ecosystem was like trees and animals and shit.
Speaker C: This is like 2.0 talks to your.
Speaker B: Laptop, but what is your ecosystem?
Speaker A: What do you do with it?
Speaker C: I use my laptop, my phone, my.
Speaker A: Watch and my Airpods all together.
Speaker C: The devices all sync together and I'm efficiently minimizing the effort I put into workflow where it's like answering emails, paying bills, archiving my pictures, listening to my music. I've bought all those physical devices, so it would be a huge expense for.
Speaker A: Me to now start dipping out of.
Speaker C: That ecosystem because the shit lasts forever. I have my laptop for 15 years.
Speaker B: I guess I don't understand answering emails and listening to music. Can't you just do that all from a phone?
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker C: But I don't have a pc laptop at home.
Speaker A: I would have to buy 15 grand.
Speaker B: Worth of devices to access your email from a Google phone.
Speaker C: No, I would. I'd be able to do all those things. But I'm saying I've already invested the money in Apple products. I would have to start over and invest money into.
Speaker A: No you wouldn't.
Speaker B: It's just a.
Speaker A: Phone.
Speaker C: I want the ecosystem, I want the laptop and the phone and the headphones and the watch to all talk to each other.
Speaker B: What are they saying to each other?
Speaker E: Well I mean every time I walk in like I turn on Apple TV and then I'm watching something and Jenny's working and I want my AirPods and it's like when I connect to your Airpods and with one button it's already. And I'm watching the movie with my AirPods and it's like stuff like that where it just all communicates so seamlessly.
Speaker D: Yeah. When somebody texts me about oh you should see this movie, know whatever, you can rent it, whatever. I'll turn on my Apple TV and it literally has the movie listed there. Like oh the movie that so and so recommended to you? Okay, yeah, great. When I put in my AirPods and I look at my phone it's playing music from there but when I put that down and I pull up my laptop, it already pops to that. It's just like. But that kind of communication to one another does this.
Speaker C: But we all bought all the Apple stuff.
Speaker E: But I'm sure I could buy Android headphones that would do the same thing.
Speaker B: It doesn't have to be Android. Yeah.
Speaker E: Any headphones? Sure, but I'm already here maybe a fraction of the.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, I don't a. I've tried it all and I liked Apple's setup. I think it was the simplest and kind of.
Speaker E: I do agree though. A lot of times I'll see something that the Google Pixel does and then it's like a year later Apple's announcing it like it's brand new and I see through their bullshit they act like they invented it. Yeah, it's kind of funny, I mean I laugh at it essentially where it's.
Speaker D: Like, you fuckers, it's more for me at home, I have a bunch of shit I don't want to think about. So with Apple everything is automatically done and my home computer is a Mac and it's all talking to each other. I don't have to do shit here. It's different. I'm still using a pc to edit videos and things like that. You know what I mean? So it's kind of like at home I don't want to interact with this shit whereas if I'm in a work kind of thing.
Speaker E: You know what?
Speaker D: I feel differently.
Speaker C: I never thought about that. That's a big part of it for me as well. I've always worked with pcs. I build pcs. I had to do work for other companies on a pc. Yeah, when I stream, I stream on a pc. That to me is like my 8 hours a day are working on the pc. And then, yeah, when I'm at home it's like, oh, these are my toys. My iPhone, my watch, fucking laptop.
Speaker D: I think my head on, I think my headspace is much like less.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker D: It's the same reason at home I have consoles and people are always like, why don't you get a gaming pc? I don't want to interface with that at home. Oh my God, I would rather die than interface with a computer at home like that. And I think that's just my mentality. I would rather keep it locked to something that's just going to.
Speaker C: I think I'm conditioned to feel that way too about like when I'm on the pc computer, it's for work and.
Speaker A: When I'm on the off the clock, I'm playing with.
Speaker B: I think I like having open ecosystem because I do have a gaming pc and I have consoles and they're different experience.
Speaker A: Totally.
Speaker B: I like the idea of not being locked into one product because then you have just more opportunities. Even back in the day people would like jailbreak their phones, you remember? Because I think people inherently just like having options and like having control of their own experience.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm not really one who likes to have everything pre programmed for me and set up for me. I kind of like to figure it out and customize it for myself.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: But to that point I do feel that way here. I still would rather use pcs here.
Speaker C: Oh, fuck yeah.
Speaker D: Because of that. Because when I'm in work mode, I want to be able to tweak shit.
Speaker A: You know what I mean?
Speaker D: And open up a thing and change parts out. I don't know. I've never feel like as much as I have a bunch of Apple shit, I still, in my head, don't ever feel like, oh, yeah, I'm just Apple. I'm just the Apple guy. I don't know.
Speaker C: Yeah, I really want.
Speaker D: I kind of like to have both and be able to choose what I need for that, but at home I.
Speaker A: Just want the shit to fucking do its thing.
Speaker C: You know what?
Speaker B: I'm the weird guy.
Speaker C: For a while there, I'm the weird guy. I might join you because for a while I was carrying two phones. You guys remember that period?
Speaker E: I do.
Speaker A: Wait.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah. Don't forget the two ds.
Speaker C: Well, I'm trying to forget that, but the two phone period wasn't too long ago. I'm thinking because I use pcs and macs and I feel like I should be well rounded and know both. I stream from home on Android tablet kind of software. Yeah. I think I should start carrying a Google Pixel and an iPhone.
Speaker B: Google Pixel? You'll blow your load.
Speaker C: I should get both.
Speaker B: Soak your pain.
Speaker C: I got a spare version.
Speaker E: I even been in a Google Pixel commercial and I still.
Speaker D: They should have given you the phone.
Speaker A: They should have.
Speaker D: That is weird.
Speaker E: You know what? They didn't even give me a phone.
Speaker B: What's the top tier iPhone retailing for right now? Oh, 1000, 501,500.
Speaker E: I have no idea.
Speaker D: Well, it depends. All the bells you could get like the different storage, top tier, Max.
Speaker E: Top tier.
Speaker D: I think it's 1500.
Speaker A: That's wild.
Speaker B: You could get a full fucking gaming pc for that.
Speaker C: You can.
Speaker B: Two of them.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Anyways, that's a big part of it for me too.
Speaker D: It is too expensive. It is funny, though. I feel like we talked about this.
Speaker A: When PS five came out, where it.
Speaker D: Was like, isn't it weird that where they sit in different places like PS five. What's the price going to be? 500. Well, okay, that's pretty good, but that's still a lot. But it's. Whatever. And then a new phone will come out. Oh, 1500.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: Well, I actually thought it was going to be 1800. And I know it's harder to get a lot of shit into a small device, so I know there's some extra cost with that. PS five doesn't have a screen with a bunch of other stuff.
Speaker A: Whatever.
Speaker D: But it is still fun, you know what I mean?
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker D: In that regard, top of the line console versus top of the line phone.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker D: I mean, I know there's reasons for it, but it's also weird.
Speaker B: I think the top Google Pixel is like half that.
Speaker A: Literally.
Speaker B: I think it's like 700, $800.
Speaker A: Oh, really?
Speaker D: Yeah, I'm trying to think.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: I never look at the Pixel phones. I look at the Samsung ones.
Speaker C: Whatever happened to Weiwei? Did they totally fall out of the US market?
Speaker A: What the fuck? Huawei?
Speaker C: Huawei was the chinese phone company that the government at a point was like, you're not allowed to import phones to the US anymore.
Speaker A: Well, that's what happened. Yeah.
Speaker C: Did that really kill them? Because I think they.
Speaker D: Well, I think they're still big in.
Speaker C: China, I think, in all of Asia. I think Huawei is a huge producer.
Speaker D: But I don't really. I haven't looked that up in a while.
Speaker B: You're telling me Huawei is going to hook up to my Wi Fi? What's it gonna do, huh?
Speaker D: It's gonna have its Huawei with.
Speaker C: Oh, just like TikTok.
Speaker D: I was sitting on that for.
Speaker A: Hey.
Speaker B: Uh, well, wow, almost a full hour. Can you believe it? We didn't even talk about our videos that we put out earlier this month. It's been a minute, but I'm sure everybody out there has seen it by now.
Speaker A: We put out a last of us.
Speaker B: Video, and it's Iron man numbers, baby.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: We haven't even talked about that because people have been away at PAX.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And we didn't do a panel. We did do a panel last week. I wasn't on it, but we didn't do a podcast.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: All I wanted to say about this last of us video is I'm really proud of the way it turned out. I kind of skipped watching the last of us. I caught, like, the first episode, an.
Speaker E: Episode in the middle.
Speaker B: I watched the finale with Johnny, and I was so inspired by the way they filmed Pedro Pascal annihilating everybody in that hospital. I came in the next day and I was like, guys, this is the video. This is what we're going to do. And, yeah, we kind of just jumped right into it and filmed it. Sean and Rocco, you guys were hilarious in your roles as well. Oh, thank you.
Speaker E: I thought your physical, you went for, like, four or five straight minutes of just shooting everything. And I was laughing the whole time.
Speaker B: I think I sprained a rib because for days I was like, fuck, dude, this is all sore. I think when I put that pallet down, because that was all improv.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: When I threw that dolly down and laid on it and did the rolling attack, I did that, like, four or five times. Yeah, we were actually filming that day, and it was, like, starting to rain outside.
Speaker D: Yeah, you could barely kind of see it in that doorway scene.
Speaker B: You start to see one of our neighbors was, like, loading up a truck. Like, it's super loud, so we couldn't film. So we were like, well, let's go in and film all the shooting stuff, and then we'll film the outside later.
Speaker A: And I got so sweaty from doing.
Speaker B: All that shooting stuff, I was like, I wish we just would have fucking filmed these opening parts. But luckily, I was able to towel off and refresh it up for those dialogue scenes.
Speaker D: And it's funny every now and then stuff. How do I word this? We juggle a lot of plates here. It's only in house in the actual building here. There's only six of us here on a regular basis, and a lot of times we're juggling like ten different things. It's like, oh, man, we got to do this, we got to do that. That sometimes there isn't just. It's like, oh, I want to film this thing, but will we have time and whatever? And then every now and then, it works out where we're filming. And that was just us three, really kind of. Gary, you were kind of in and out.
Speaker B: He was there, he made the gun and he was, like, running, being our prop master, being our grip in our hand. Anything we needed assistance with for that first half.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: And I know Johnny was busy with something, so he wasn't on camera at that moment.
Speaker A: So it was kind of like the.
Speaker D: Three of us goofing around, and it was like we were in the middle of a lot of hectic stuff. And then we'd filmed that and it was like, oh, yeah, it feels good to just. It was fun, the three of us making each other laugh.
Speaker B: I would come in and I was like, listen, I'm just going to fucking blast this gun like a psychopath. And we're like, well, do we need people to get shot? No, we're not going to show anybody. We're just going to focus on just this dude. Our neighbors came up later and we're like, oh.
Speaker E: They asked, where the fuck is Ellie?
Speaker C: Where's Ellie?
Speaker D: They're like, did you find Ellie?
Speaker B: Because I was screaming through the walls. We did so many takes. Yeah, I think I screamed. I don't give a fuck. With that shriek. Probably right next to their break room.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think you were. But anyway, yeah, all I was saying is, amidst a lot of things happening, sometimes this can be therapeutic to just.
Speaker A: Pick up a camera and goof around for a minute.
Speaker D: But, yeah, that was really fun. We did the last scene of it, like a day or two later, and that was when the local news featured us, did a news story on us. They were like, do you mind if we come down? We'll just shoot a quick interview. And then it's like, yeah, we were going to go film this thing. It's like, well, we could follow you to that and get some shots.
Speaker B: The guy who filmed us for the news was an old school mega 64 fan. We've been around for so long because people who grew up watching our show are now becoming successful in their own.
Speaker E: Industry news or Washington Post or movie studios.
Speaker B: So he came doing all this stuff about Mega 64, and we were like, well, we're going to go film a video.
Speaker A: He's like, can I come?
Speaker B: Can I use this for the news story? And we were like, yeah, of course. He ended up telling us, well, this is going to go on tonight. But then later said, you know what? I'm going to put more love into this. And this is going to be, like, a bigger thing that we'll release on the weekend.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And he actually put some jokes in the news story that we cut out, so we didn't approve the edit of the news story. Bro, you're leaking our footage.
Speaker D: It was funny that that did air the night before the video came out. I was, oh, well, you spoiled it. You spoiled it. But now it's not really.
Speaker E: Not really.
Speaker D: Not a big deal.
Speaker E: I think it's fine. I also like that Nicole is in the news thing. We haven't been with Nicole in so long, and you haven't been there for that day.
Speaker D: That was cool. But, yeah, that was really cool. Being featured, though, on our local news station. We'd been watching that since we were young.
Speaker B: I think it's the proudest moment my mom's ever had.
Speaker A: Oh, really? Really?
Speaker B: Probably, yeah. It was a Washington boat post where my mom's mind has been blown.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: They already touched, like, I didn't know.
Speaker B: You were so famous.
Speaker A: And I was like, respect me. Yeah.
Speaker D: I had family reach out to me that I hadn't heard from in a little bit that were just like, oh, my gosh. To have our city embrace you like that.
Speaker A: Whatever.
Speaker D: It was like, oh, thank you.
Speaker A: Kiss the ring.
Speaker D: But I did want to say, though, in the middle of all that, so we had the local news team with us. We were shooting that last scene. In the middle of that, we had a concerned citizen run full speed uphill. We were at the top of a hill. They ran full speed.
Speaker B: Well, he was pretty lethargic, but as.
Speaker D: Fast as they could.
Speaker E: Yeah, I thought he was working out, and that was like, we're in his way.
Speaker D: That's what I thought, too, once he.
Speaker E: Started talking to us. Oh, he ran up that hill for.
Speaker D: Us and let us know about the world. Might be ending last of us. Maybe a documentary.
Speaker B: Can I say, I had just recently gone out with those real life superheroes for the documentary I made for megastrange and had such a experience that it.
Speaker A: Changed my opinion on homeless people, which.
Speaker B: There are a lot of in San Diego. And I assumed this guy was homeless because he was just giving off that vibe, and I wanted to have a positive experience with him. So when he came running up to.
Speaker A: Us, I kind of paused.
Speaker B: I was like, well, let's, you know, not ignore this guy, because I'm sure so many people just want to ignore him and brush him away. So I was like, hey, what's up? And sort of engaged with him. And he unloaded the floodgates.
Speaker E: He's been saving that info for a year, dude.
Speaker B: He's like, wait, somebody wants to hear me talk? Well. And then he said his little speech there. Did it make it into the behind the scenes, the full cut of him? Okay, I need to recap everything he said.
Speaker D: No, but the water. Stock up on. Get your water together right now, guys, because the river's dry.
Speaker A: Rob zombie.
Speaker D: Rob zombie.
Speaker E: When I hear stuff like that, I just think, like, well, you could be right.
Speaker A: I don't know. So.
Speaker E: All right, thank you.
Speaker D: I was actually. The great coincidence, though. The great coincidence was literally like a night or two before that, I actually was looking at. I read an article about the Walton family who started Walmart, was trying to own the Colorado river, like, trying to privatize water. I was already reading an article where they said. They were basically saying the river is drying up, but we have a way to stop that and slow that through. We have a lot of different approaches we could use using market based tactics, and it was like a fancy way to word, like, we want to own the river and sell the water to you.
Speaker C: Nestle did this, like, ten years ago.
Speaker B: Corporation. Maybe if you have ways of replenishing the river that hydrates, like, one third of the country, you would just help out out of the goodness of the fucking heart you're supposed to have that I know doesn't exist in that empty cave you call a chest.
Speaker D: But, like, give them a chance, though, because their market based options may help. And I just feel like we should. You ever heard don't knock it till you try it?
Speaker A: Yeah, dude.
Speaker B: Nest about ten years ago said that water should not be free. Everybody on earth should not be a natural resource.
Speaker C: I remember that.
Speaker B: Everybody should pay for the water because it's.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: And that was cool.
Speaker E: That was pretty neat.
Speaker D: I'm kind of a necessary.
Speaker B: What do they call a resource that. A finite resource.
Speaker E: I love companies and billionaires, and so whatever they do, I'm here for. That's me.
Speaker D: I'm always thinking, know, one of my favorite protagonists in film was that fucking big guy in Mad Max. Fury Road, where he had all, oh, yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, Sam Walton.
Speaker C: Yeah, Sam Walton.
Speaker D: I don't remember what the guy's name was, but he had that cool, like, kind of bane kind of shit. And he's like, you want some water? And he opened the thing and the water would fall out. I thought that was cool. He's like giving him water. That's kind of like, I want to be that guy. I want to be that guy.
Speaker C: It's like going to Walmart.
Speaker D: Yeah, Walmart. Welcome to the store. Yeah, welcome to Walmart.
Speaker E: I love you.
Speaker B: And the Walmart in Portland is always so great. Going into that dystopian society.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Fucking, like, that's mutants walking around looking at $8 bananas.
Speaker C: People just clearing the makeup and the razors into black trash bags and running out the front door with, that's the one fun time at Walmart.
Speaker D: That's the one place that had crystal Pepsi, yo. So I like it.
Speaker C: So, hey. Shouts out Sam Walton.
Speaker E: I don't know how it is in.
Speaker B: Other parts of the country. And I don't know if you guys agree with me, but Walmart in San Diego is like the worst shopping experience.
Speaker C: Don't go after 11:00 p.m. There's werewolves.
Speaker B: Yeah, there are mutants. Mutants at Walmart.
Speaker A: Creatures.
Speaker D: There's a couple that I have an okay experience. I can probably count on one hand the amount of times I've been to Walmart in, like five to ten years. I just never go there. But there's a couple that I have an okay experience when I do. And then a couple, I remember going to those first and going like, why is everyone always rage out about Walmart? Who cares? And then I went to the other ones and was just like, oh, this was not a good experience. But I've told stories about Walmart in the past. I'm Bougie now, trying to get copies of video games, and it was like a nightmare scenario.
Speaker C: Yeah, if you go in the know, high noon, you're safe. But no, I'm bougie. I go to target. Wow, some of target. Target. I didn't realize you're a dad too.
Speaker A: Cool.
Speaker E: I don't call it target.
Speaker A: You don't?
Speaker E: No, I don't.
Speaker B: What do you call it?
Speaker A: Target.
Speaker E: I do around my kids when I have these. I call it a Cephia. And they think that's really funny.
Speaker B: What is it? Actually?
Speaker E: I think it's. Yeah, what are we going to get to say Cephia? Anyways, I'll tell you more jad jokes later. If you want?
Speaker A: I'm good.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker D: Hey, real quick, before we continue, I do want to give a shout out to everyone watching. As always, thank you for your support. I want to do a couple of quick plugs here. I want to tell everyone we are going to be live in Florida on April 14. Friday, April 14, the night before creator clash. If you're going to be in the area. Did I say Tampa?
Speaker C: You did say Tampa, Florida.
Speaker D: I thought in my brain I said it the wrong city, and that's not true.
Speaker A: Tampa, Florida.
Speaker D: Tampa, Florida. We're going to be there. Tickets on sale, but they're going fast, so go to mega 64. Com tour.
Speaker A: The link will be right there.
Speaker D: You can get all the tickets you want.
Speaker A: Buy them in bulk. We'll see you there.
Speaker C: You're going to want to come out before the fights. You want to put yourself in the right kind of headspace. A lot of violence on stage that we're going to be performing to get you ready for what you might see the next day.
Speaker B: Let me say this is a whole new show, so if you came out to the last one, you're going to have a 95% brand new experience. I'm not going to say 100% because.
Speaker E: You'Re going to walk in there like.
Speaker B: The lights are the same. Four guys on the stage.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Mostly. Entirely brand new.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: New comedy, new ideas, new political alliances.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker B: Sean is furious over this indictment that it was announced. Yeah, look at him. He's so sad that his favorite president has to get.
Speaker D: Into.
Speaker B: Look at him.
Speaker D: I'm just going to say personally, let's put the kibosh on that. I don't want to get into that stuff. All I'm going to say is, when we announced the show, Sean was like, finally free in Florida. That's all he kept saying.
Speaker A: I don't.
Speaker D: He kept repeating those words, I'll finally be free in Florida. So that's why we're coming. That's the main reason.
Speaker B: I don't think I said that.
Speaker D: Someone did.
Speaker B: Sean's anti Florida. To be honest, I've gone to Florida.
Speaker E: Since I was a little kid. I am very familiar with Sarasota, Florida. My grandma lived, you know, I know Florida well, so I'm not.
Speaker C: You're a fan of city?
Speaker E: It's not my favorite state, I'll say that.
Speaker B: But what is your favorite state?
Speaker E: California.
Speaker D: A little bias there. Easy. I like Florida. Shout out St. Augustine, yo. St. Augustine's Caddyshack restaurant. Murray, regular there. I'm getting those cheese golf balls or whatever. Stomp out the roach on the floor.
Speaker B: Shout out Tampa because that's where we're going.
Speaker D: Yeah, we're actually going to Tampa feature. But anyway, I really genuinely do love the cab.
Speaker B: Buy a ticket. Tickets are on Sale now.
Speaker D: Tickets are on sale. Like I said, going fast. So if you want to see us.
Speaker B: In Tampa, seats are limited. So first twelve people buy a ticket.
Speaker A: That's it.
Speaker D: Whoa.
Speaker E: That's pretty limited.
Speaker D: You're part of the dirty dozen.
Speaker B: I looked at the club we're playing at and Lil Wayne played there.
Speaker D: He might be there. I don't want to promise anything.
Speaker B: I couldn't tell if it was like a stage or like an elevated, weird platform. It's going to be a bizarre show. We're going to be experimenting on the fly.
Speaker E: We are competing because in Tampa at the same time is Taylor Swift. I think we can pull a bigger crowd, though.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's what we're trying to get done.
Speaker E: We can get a bigger one.
Speaker D: That's what we're trying to get done.
Speaker E: We have more costume changes in ours.
Speaker D: Let's just put an end to that dynasty here. We're going to have the biggest show in Florida.
Speaker B: You know what? Come to our show because I'm going to do the album Red Derek's version.
Speaker C: Oh, shit.
Speaker D: I'd love to hear. I'm going to let Derek and Sean do all these bits and then after each one, I'm going to go, I.
Speaker A: Would like to be excluded from that narrative. What's that?
Speaker D: That's something she said.
Speaker A: I just thought it was cool.
Speaker C: I'm going to let you finish.
Speaker A: No, that's not.
Speaker C: Derek had one of the best.
Speaker D: Yeah, we're going to do that bit a lot that night.
Speaker B: You can't even listen to Taylor Swift's.
Speaker A: Music, so why bother?
Speaker B: It's not on Spotify.
Speaker D: I checked, but it's on Shopify. That's where I listen to my music.
Speaker C: Hey, you know where I.
Speaker B: You've heard every song she's ever made, apparently. I probably have.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Sean's music.
Speaker C: Sean's a swifty.
Speaker E: Apple music. The apple dude.
Speaker D: There we go.
Speaker B: Now the. That's something I can't do, actually, pixel. I can't listen to Taylor.
Speaker D: Hey, guess what, actually, you can get apple music on every device. Well, then the ecosystem, it's separate from everything.
Speaker B: It's infecting my ecosystem now.
Speaker E: I also got my kids the vinyl.
Speaker A: So they have like, wow, bougie. Yeah.
Speaker B: They're too good for a CD.
Speaker C: They get vinyl. 180 grams.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, my God.
Speaker E: Two lps.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Dang got a record player?
Speaker E: Yeah, Lennon has record player. She loves records. So I got her one for her birthday and she plays it and she has her own, like, I have my record section in the garage and she has her own little record section next to mine.
Speaker A: Who's your favorite kid?
Speaker B: Go ahead.
Speaker C: Who's the most talented?
Speaker B: You talk about Lennon a lot.
Speaker E: I talk about them all a lot. I love all of them.
Speaker C: Yeah, but which one's like the best at something?
Speaker E: I don't know.
Speaker D: The cream of the crop.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: The one you want to put the most energy.
Speaker E: Well, like Sawyer is the best at skateboarding.
Speaker D: There you have one more.
Speaker E: Emma's the best at volleyball. They all have their thing that they're good at.
Speaker C: But what's going to make you the money? What's the one that's going to pay your bills?
Speaker D: Yeah. Who's going to be the thoroughbred? Who's the breadwinner?
Speaker A: Who.
Speaker E: I don't.
Speaker C: The energy into?
Speaker E: I don't.
Speaker B: If one of them had to kill you, who would you want it to be?
Speaker D: That's how I go out.
Speaker E: Yeah. I don't know.
Speaker D: That's shakespearean right there.
Speaker E: I know you'd probably more of a plug. So this did remind me of. I almost got into a fight at a dance competition last weekend.
Speaker D: Everyone. That's the weenie. You got to stick around after this plug to hear what it is we just dangled.
Speaker A: That.
Speaker D: I do want to say, though, on the subject of physical media, guys, we did a prank. We did a little April Fool's Day goof involving physical media where we hyped up. Okay, something's coming this Saturday. What is it? And Tada. It's the unboxing ring series from my personal YouTube channel a long time ago, coming to a definitive Blu ray collection.
Speaker C: Look at that.
Speaker D: And a brand new episode. Now, the joke being, oh, you probably thought it was going to be this elaborate kind of mega 64 thing or whatever, but it's this weird thing for my personal channel. Turns out a lot of people actually wanted it. And by the way, April Fool's joke, the April Fool's joke was more in the marketing sense. It's an actual product. You can get it. We're not going to send you like a gym sock or something.
Speaker C: This is like supreme. We're going to sell the criterion collection of the unboxing ring.
Speaker D: Yeah, except they didn't make it.
Speaker C: Yeah, they made a brick.
Speaker D: But yeah, we're going to send you a brick that says unbox. No, but anyway, it's a real thing. And I just want to tell everyone, I am so honored that people actually wanted this. I mean, we were going to make it. It was going to be made, but it was a very unusual thing to do this. It was just like, are people going to be into this? Okay, whatever comes out on April Fool's day. So you can always say, yeah, it's a joke, but people actually really wanted it.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker E: We also have a bundle, a poster and a shirt. There's no other time you will ever be able to get an unboxing ring shirt. I guarantee you that. This is your one shot if you ever want that.
Speaker D: And the poster signed by series creator Tyler Trickman.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker C: Nice.
Speaker E: That's pretty.
Speaker D: Anyway, I was just very blown away by that. How many people came out in excitement for that?
Speaker C: So that's up for preorder right now?
Speaker D: That is up for preorder now. It's still up as of right now. It's not going to be up for a long time, but at least for.
Speaker A: The next couple few days, I think we're going to keep that.
Speaker C: Mega 64.
Speaker A: Com.
Speaker D: Yes, pick it up shop. Mega 64.
Speaker A: Com.
Speaker D: And thank you all for your support always and as always, patreon.com. Mega 64 is another great way to support the show. And we have a ton of exclusive videos on there. We did a whole pun competition at PAX east in Boston that went up.
Speaker C: Featuring the very talented Meg.
Speaker D: Yeah, Meg is in it. And man, that is something you don't want to miss. Got that? We've got our latest movie club episodes. We got a new episode coming up on portrait of a lady on Fire. We did a bunch of other great episodes. I think I made an episode public. Our episode on RR is public on our archive channel now. So even if you're not a patron, watch that. And if you want like 10,000 times more of that, join our Patreon.
Speaker A: Sure. There you go.
Speaker B: Should we say about the unboxing ring that it's going to have new exclusive content? Blu ray?
Speaker A: Yes. Cool.
Speaker D: Yes, it will. Many have asked. Many have asked. There was always lore and whispers.
Speaker A: Where was Derek during those? What was going on with him at the time? You may find out. You may.
Speaker D: You may not as well, but you also may. But that's another weenie inquire within the.
Speaker B: Derek episode as it's been advertised currently, which puts a lot of pressure on me. I don't even know.
Speaker D: It could be. Maybe it's an episode about Derek. Comedy. Great sketch group.
Speaker B: Oh, that'd be a relief.
Speaker D: Yeah. Good.
Speaker A: Relieve a little bit of the pressure, but stay tuned. Find out.
Speaker D: Yeah, but, yeah, I'm very excited about that. And commentary, too. It'll have commentary too.
Speaker E: So look, okay.
Speaker C: Sean, okay.
Speaker E: There is no real ending of this story. Let me just tell you. I'm just going to tell you the events that happened.
Speaker B: Could we remind people how we got here, too? That you almost fought Girl Scouts two weeks ago?
Speaker A: I think I missed.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah. Well, the quick story, Rocco, is that they wouldn't leave me alone. They asked, like, if I want to buy cookies. I said, girl scouts?
Speaker B: Yeah, I was leaving the store.
Speaker E: Do you want to buy cookies? Oh, no thanks. I'm good. And then they said, do you want to donate some money then into our thing, or we also have an app that you can. I said, no, not today, guys.
Speaker A: Thanks.
Speaker E: And then as I walked away, the mom said to them, well, he was rude.
Speaker D: Oh, my God.
Speaker E: And to myself, I didn't.
Speaker D: Burly brawl, matrix reloaded.
Speaker C: And then what happened then?
Speaker E: Well, nothing happened then you yelled, I store. I did not. I was telling you guys, my thought process of, I'm not fucking rude. You're rude for having a kid in my fucking way.
Speaker C: No, I think you did an out loud scoff or some kind.
Speaker E: Oh, you know what?
Speaker B: You're right. They picked up on that vibe. Not rude.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker B: Well, whatever.
Speaker E: I yelled a little thing out in the parking lot.
Speaker D: Okay, you say something to me?
Speaker B: It was a verbal fight with the. I didn't turn around.
Speaker E: I just yelled it out there like.
Speaker C: No, I'm not very passive aggressive. Violent.
Speaker B: Screamed at some girl scouts.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker E: It was to the mom.
Speaker C: Good setting the stage, Derek. Good job bringing that up.
Speaker D: So horrible to.
Speaker B: So he's already on edge. Right.
Speaker D: So now you're what, Boy Scouts?
Speaker A: I'm going to Lenin's dance competition, the battleground.
Speaker E: And it's at San Diego convention Center, of all places, where a comic con is. And so I'm like, oh, I'm back here, Matt. How about that, Matt? Comic Con and whatever. And so I'm going to the room where they're dancing. And then it's a fucking process. Know, you gotta try to find parking. I found parking.
Speaker B: Did they book the whole exhibit hall for this?
Speaker E: It was like all the ballrooms upstairs, downstairs.
Speaker B: Prestigious dance competition.
Speaker E: Yeah, it was pretty big. I found parking. End up getting a ticket. Not the a. First off, real quick, why'd they park a ticket, Derek? I don't know. I park at the meter. I went to go pay and it said on the little kiosk Saturday, whatever day it was. Free parking.
Speaker B: Oh, perfect.
Speaker E: And I come back to my car as a fucking ticket. I tried to pay, and you said it was free parking.
Speaker B: Did you take a photo of the sign?
Speaker E: No, because I didn't notice I had the ticket until I was, like, further down. I saw something flip into my.
Speaker B: Is it a sign that's permanently there?
Speaker E: No, it was like a computerized kiosk that said that.
Speaker A: Oh, the screen.
Speaker E: On the screen. We went to go pay the little meter thing. It said free parking. Like, okay, cool. Maybe you can test it. I don't know. I want to contest it, and I should.
Speaker B: He doesn't have any evidence, though.
Speaker E: I have no evidence.
Speaker C: Yeah, but half the time, the cop didn't show up to court when you contest.
Speaker E: But there wasn't a cop. I don't know.
Speaker B: You know, I fought a speeding ticket in one.
Speaker A: Did you?
Speaker B: Six months ago.
Speaker C: Oh, really?
Speaker D: Know that?
Speaker B: Yes. We'll talk about that later.
Speaker E: Well, anyways, really quick.
Speaker C: So.
Speaker E: We get there. I have all the kids. My in laws are there. We're here to watch Lenin. And it's like one of those things where you're there all day and there's 10,000 dances, and it's pretty boring until your kid is dancing. And then it's, like, magical. When I see her, I'm, like, so proud. And it's great, but that's only happens four times of my entire day. And the rest of it's like, whatever.
Speaker B: Anyways, these other little rugrats.
Speaker E: So Lennon comes on stage and starts her little dance, and I am watching, like, super proud. And this fucking guy and his kid, two aisles in front of me start walking in front of me. So he's like, walking. I'm going to be the camera for one.
Speaker B: They have to go to the bathroom or something.
Speaker E: No, they're going to find their seat.
Speaker C: They didn't know that Lenin's on stage right now dancing.
Speaker E: It doesn't matter that. It's just you usually should wait until the dance. Until the dance is over.
Speaker C: So here, snatch my microphone.
Speaker E: Sorry.
Speaker D: Go to finish.
Speaker E: Go to the Rocco and Derek thing. And I'm going to be the dude.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker C: I'll be Sean, you're the dude.
Speaker A: Oh, no.
Speaker E: Should we sit there? Keep in mind, this dance is a minute and a half, and that's it. And this fuck head.
Speaker D: Yeah, I wouldn't stand for that dude.
Speaker C: Well, it's a kid. Sounds like it's a kid's fault. It's the kid couldn't decide where the fuck. To sit down.
Speaker B: Blocking.
Speaker E: And I'm just like, did you tell.
Speaker B: Him to sit the fuck down?
Speaker E: So I went, excuse me?
Speaker C: Oh, bro, bro.
Speaker E: I'm trying to see the fucking dance.
Speaker C: Is your wife, like, trying to hide in her jacket?
Speaker E: I should say, too, this is no ordinary man. This guy's forearms are as bigger than my thighs. He is neck tattooed up to the. He is fucking ready to the perfect anyone, right? He's so fucking strong looking, but I can't see my fucking kid dance. So he finally hears me and then goes, you sit down. You sit down. And I'm like, I'm trying to watch my kid fucking dance. You don't care about this dance, but I do. Can you just move? And then Jenny's trying to help me, being like, yo, just sit down.
Speaker A: Just sit down.
Speaker E: He can't watch the daughter dance. He's just trying to watch the daughter dance. And I'm just like, move. And now he's mad at me. He's like, no, you move.
Speaker D: You move.
Speaker E: I'm like, you don't give a fuck about this dance, bro.
Speaker D: Fuck.
Speaker B: You think Lennon could hear you from the stage?
Speaker E: I don't think so. Anyways.
Speaker B: It'S loud. The music was finally.
Speaker E: He finally sits down after Jenny's like, just sit down.
Speaker B: I'm not with him, but sit down, please.
Speaker E: So then he sits down, but I'm fucking fuming. I'm so mad. First off, he tells me to sit down. It's like, you don't give a fuck. I know what it's like to watch kids dance and you don't give a fuck. So that's why you decided. But you just got in my way. I just wanted to just dance.
Speaker A: Sorry. Right.
Speaker E: Like a normal fucking person would do. But this is not a normal fucking person. This is a guy who goes to the gym all the time and could kill anyone, and he wanted to.
Speaker C: Job stoppers creeping up his neck.
Speaker D: That's the same type of dude that was. I already told the story. The dude at the ramen place that.
Speaker A: I went to that kept like, yes.
Speaker D: Sir, you missed it.
Speaker A: We closed.
Speaker D: No, I walked in here. It was 659. Yeah, we closed at seven. Well, it wasn't when I got in there. And it was, like, roided out, like, dumbass.
Speaker C: Maybe you had too much pre work.
Speaker E: I realized now.
Speaker B: Were you being aggressive?
Speaker E: I was. Yeah, I was.
Speaker D: I didn't get that.
Speaker E: You instigated.
Speaker C: You shouted.
Speaker E: I shouted. I should have just let him find his fucking seat, but I couldn't see this fucking dance.
Speaker D: I don't know. I think that's a pretty normal.
Speaker E: I just wanted him to.
Speaker D: You're there, for one thing, and he's in the way of something that's incredibly important to you.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: And I'm not going to maybe see this dance. I just wanted to see her dance. My whole day is this for four minutes? And you've ruined it. You fuck her anyways. But if I wouldn't have said anything, I think he would have just sat down, sat down, and then I made it into a whole fucking thing, and now we're sitting next to each other for three more hours.
Speaker C: Oh, no. Is it awkward? Yeah, you don't leave.
Speaker E: But then I'm so fucking mad, and I see it's his kid dancing, and he's like, whatever.
Speaker B: And I'm like, I want to get.
Speaker E: In front of this fucker so bad. I want to stand in front of him and be like, now you know what it's fucking like. You sit down. You fucking sit down. They're neck tattoos.
Speaker B: So, did you do that?
Speaker E: No. God, no. He's going to kill me. He's a big, scary person.
Speaker D: See, I would have done something where I could be far away from him, like flip the lights or something. Cut the power in.
Speaker B: That's sabotaged the whole event.
Speaker E: My father in law, who was there later, was like, you're either the bravest or dumbest person I've ever.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: What are you doing?
Speaker C: Well, Sean does not fear Girl scouts.
Speaker E: He doesn't fear bullies.
Speaker C: What's next?
Speaker E: It was just. I shouldn't have said anything, but I just wanted to see the fucking dance so lessons were learned. Next time, I'll just shut my fucking face. Unless it's, like, someone I could probably fight. If it's, like, a little lady, then I can yell at her.
Speaker C: We're going to be front row at the creator clash. She's going to be calling people out, but telling them they kick.
Speaker E: No offense. I emphasize respect, but if someone did that, I wouldn't care as much, because I'm watching my little girl dance, and I want to watch her dance. Like, I'm here to see her dance.
Speaker C: Yeah, Kevin's got a point. What if your kids were up there boxing?
Speaker E: Well, then I want to see that.
Speaker C: Yeah, but it's like. And then Harley from epic meal time, he's standing up in front.
Speaker E: I'm trying to go see so bad, but that's, like, one thing. My whole day is this, and I'm here for literally four minutes.
Speaker B: This is why you got to carry, like, a pistol on you.
Speaker C: Oh, it's easy to get concealed carry.
Speaker E: In San Diego now.
Speaker B: Simple Jim Cornette said he had a problem with Brock Lesnar, but he just pulled a gun on him. Problem solved.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: I mean, the etiquette. The etiquette really is you don't know whose dance is up, so wait until the song is over and then get your seat. That's all it really is supposed to be. That's kind of what you do.
Speaker C: So it's like going to a play or whatever. They don't let you down the aisle.
Speaker E: You should know better. That's etiquette. It's etiquette. Do that. You also wait. So I go back and I say, wait till the song's over, then we'll go. Because I don't know who's behind us. I don't want to make them to miss.
Speaker C: Even at hockey games, they'll hold you. The usher won't let you go down to your front row seat until, like, that's weird.
Speaker E: Next time I won't say anything. Honestly, I was telling my father in law, I think I was just in a more agro state being at the convention center. I'm in the comic Con mindset. I'm not handling any bullshit here.
Speaker B: I'm not in here with you.
Speaker D: You're in here with me. Comic Con's not even my world.
Speaker E: Comic Con is not bad, but I'm not going to handle any bullshit at Comic Con. I've done it so many times, I'm not going to deal with shit about my business. And I know what has to be done in this building. I fucking got it.
Speaker B: I think you're going to take, like, krov Maga lessons. That way you come out with, like, that, people up, then you earn the respect.
Speaker E: Yeah. So to the big scary man I yelled at, next time, please wait. I'm sorry that I yelled at.
Speaker B: He's watching.
Speaker E: Yeah, he's a huge fan.
Speaker D: If anybody out there does that, when I'm at creator Clash, if anybody gets in the way of epic meal man in the ring and you block that, it's going to be exactly what you just saw Sean do. I'm going to go nuts. My whole childhood is watching him make.
Speaker A: Gay bacon, and you're going to take.
Speaker C: That blocking his view?
Speaker A: I don't think so, pal. We've got a.
Speaker D: And I'm not going to hit anyone. I'm going to yell real out.
Speaker C: We'll dial a Nissan speed dial. We'll get you thrown right out of the event.
Speaker D: Yeah, I'm going to be, huh?
Speaker A: Excuse me. Aaron Hansen? Yeah. Mary.
Speaker D: You were in our metal Gear video.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: You need to take care of someone.
Speaker C: Got to pull a.
Speaker D: Uh. I think someone in the crowd just got sequelitis, if you know what I mean.
Speaker A: Hey, dad. I know a little child needs a spanking. Why don't you come down here?
Speaker B: I think next time, if you're in that situation again, probably just saying, like, excuse me, bro.
Speaker A: Excuse me.
Speaker E: Well, let me say just repeating that over, but imagine, like, the loudest music ever. And so it's hard. I had to yell, excuse me.
Speaker D: The music's going now.
Speaker E: If it wasn't for Jenny reminding me, I don't even remember saying bro. I went into a different mode of, like, I don't know what. I don't know what the.
Speaker C: You spoke his language.
Speaker E: I don't know what happened.
Speaker C: You succumbed to his level little fuck.
Speaker D: Why didn't you change the voice down?
Speaker B: I'm going to break your finger off.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker C: Why?
Speaker E: I don't know.
Speaker B: Why have you, bro?
Speaker E: I'm not a kind of guy who yells bro. I don't know why I did that.
Speaker B: I think core, you are discovered about yourself.
Speaker E: Deep down in me, I'm a bro kind of guy, but I didn't think I was. It was just me saying, excuse me. Excuse me. Then I had to go in the bro. Anyways, that's my fun dance story.
Speaker D: It does sound fun.
Speaker E: I'm a lot of fun to be around. Jenny's so lucky to have me.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, she's ride or die, though. That's the good part.
Speaker E: She had my back story. She had my back. Even though she probably was, like, this fucking guy.
Speaker C: She joined you and she was.
Speaker A: Why?
Speaker E: Why?
Speaker B: He's right.
Speaker C: Sit the fuck.
Speaker B: Absolutely.
Speaker A: That was great.
Speaker E: Of course she did.
Speaker B: Did you guys make eye contact when the event was over?
Speaker E: No, because later on, he never looked back.
Speaker B: Once I was late, he was back scared.
Speaker E: I'm sure he was scared.
Speaker C: I bet you know exactly what the back of his head looks like. You were staring lasers all night.
Speaker B: You could draw color hair did he have?
Speaker E: He had this, like, super tight, military looking haircut with, like, this shaved crease and, like, the really heavy gel.
Speaker B: Oh, dude.
Speaker C: He was like, he's from Oceanside.
Speaker E: He just got off Pendleton.
Speaker B: This guy fucking abuses women.
Speaker E: This guy wrote his. I'm not going to say anything about that. I don't know.
Speaker B: It sounds like a woman abuser to me.
Speaker E: I don't know anything about that. He still had his BD. I didn't know that. He was in my way at the wrong moment.
Speaker B: What color shirt did he have on?
Speaker E: I don't remember.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker E: I was a c in red, so I'm going to say a red shirt.
Speaker A: Damn, dude.
Speaker E: Anyways, thank you. That's my story.
Speaker A: I know the type.
Speaker D: This isn't like a big story or anything, but speaking of just pissed people.
Speaker A: At an event, I know a lot.
Speaker D: Of people went and saw, they did a screening of midsummer this week in LA.
Speaker E: Oh yeah.
Speaker A: That.
Speaker D: They were like, yeah, they're going to show this movie and the director is going to do a thing. It's like Alamo Drafthouse kind of thing.
Speaker C: Ari Astros.
Speaker D: I know a lot of people. Yeah, Arie asshole was going to be there and no. Anyway, yeah, they're like doing screenings of it. I know a bunch of people in LA that were like, wanted to go to that. Big fans of that or horror or whatever. And they did a surprise thing where it's like, oh, April Fools. It's not that movie. It's my new movie.
Speaker A: That's cool. And apparently it didn't go over well.
Speaker D: And everyone who went was like, I was kind of like hoping to see the other one. And then they had like, Emma Stone came and did like Q A.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: Oh, she in the new, I guess Joaquin Phoenix did show the, he's in the new movie.
Speaker E: So people are mad about.
Speaker D: Just Twitter was just like, yeah, I don't know if I really like this new, because this new movie was, it's like an hour longer than the other one. And people were like, I was kind of suffering.
Speaker C: Well, people are super sensitive, especially art house kids that are all into these a 24 pictures. Some of them are sensitive and you can fuck up their whole day if you just subvert their expectation with a different movie.
Speaker B: I think that there is actually a phenomenon in the film industry where the setting of the expectation is super important for the success of the film. This is why I think the prestige was such a technical flop is because people went in thinking they were going to get like a period piece about magicians and halfway through it turns into this weird Sci-Fi movie. And so many people were like, I.
Speaker E: Don'T fucking want this.
Speaker D: Yeah, I didn't come here for that.
Speaker B: So, yeah, I mean, people probably got so hyped for midsummer. It's our favorite movie. You just all do it together.
Speaker D: It's a different movie and again, like an hour longer and not the thing that they said. I mean, whatever. Just as simple as, like, well, it's a bait and switch. Yeah, but it'd be one thing, though, if they were like, hey, by the way, you're going to see Midsummer. But then after that, director's coming out and he brought his new movie. That's how you do it. And then, hey, people can leave. People can leave if they want.
Speaker E: What they did with the new Star Trek, back when they rebooted that with Chris Pine, that was really cool. Where it was like a midnight movie for Rathicon, but instead it was like, hey, the movie's not for another month, but we have the new one. And that's all star Trek fans. They were into it. That was a huge pr stunt that worked. But I think that's like, they're going to see a Star Trek movie and they're still going to see a Star Trek movie. Type a new one.
Speaker C: Whereas this is, like, what was not.
Speaker E: Similar to the other thing at all.
Speaker D: I also heard at the event that.
Speaker A: They covered, like, hey, to make up for it, food and drinks on us, okay?
Speaker D: Free of charge. But then all I kept reading on Twitter was, people didn't know it until they were like, yeah, I didn't know the food was free. I left.
Speaker C: I paid and left.
Speaker D: Yeah, no one said anything. I bought, like five. We found that out later. Anyway, it was just cracking me. Wasn't like I said, not a great story or anything, but I was just cracking up. I think they thought this was going to be like, how fucking hyped are these guys going to be? And I just kept reading, like, oh, man, I had kind of a rough.
Speaker C: That event sounds exactly that rough. But an event that I can get behind is e three, and I can't wait.
Speaker D: Yeah, I bought my flights.
Speaker C: Electronics entertainment expo. It's coming back after so long.
Speaker D: God, I've been missing it.
Speaker C: I miss it. I miss it.
Speaker A: Yeah. What, Kevin? What? E for all is the only option.
Speaker D: Yeah, e for all is the fucking.
Speaker C: E for all.
Speaker D: It's back to e for all.
Speaker B: Forcing Kevin into this bit.
Speaker E: Fucking.
Speaker A: Oh, lord.
Speaker E: We have fun here.
Speaker C: Anyway, that's sad. Everyone's just going to keep their own digital Nintendo direct.
Speaker D: But it was weird.
Speaker C: One day of streaming, but it was.
Speaker D: Weird to me anyway because it had already kind of died, and then it got picked up by the company that helps with Pax. Yeah, but this whole time, I've just been like, why don't they just make Pax super awesome?
Speaker C: And it is.
Speaker D: And they are doing that and then, oh, but e three is canceled. I'm like, yeah, okay, you've already got a game convention.
Speaker C: Just make that killer it really makes Pax the only gaming convention around.
Speaker D: At least of that scale.
Speaker C: Of that scale where you get big publishers coming over from across the seas, even. But like I said, it was kind of limited what Nintendo brought.
Speaker D: But I talked with one of the dudes who runs all those conventions at PAX east, and yeah, even before the e three is dead announcement, he was telling me about the next packs, and there's like some really cool shit happening at the next packs. He was like, yeah, we're gearing up for that. That's going to be crazy.
Speaker A: Okay, cool.
Speaker D: And the whole time in my head, I'm just like, yeah, why do they have e three if you're going to do that for packs? Well, answered that question I heard.
Speaker B: Kind of lost its point because it was originally an industry only event with booth babes.
Speaker C: Sure, the good old days.
Speaker E: And that's why I failed the good old days.
Speaker B: Well, no, but that kind of made it, like, elusive exclusive.
Speaker C: Totally.
Speaker B: And everybody wanted to get the news coming out of e three, but then they opened it up to the public and it stopped being an industry only event.
Speaker A: And that was just kind of the.
Speaker B: Beginning of the decline.
Speaker C: Do you know how privileged I was getting invited by you guys who got invited to e three? I bragged to everyone I knew who knew anything about video games. Yeah, I'm going to go to e three. And it was super fucking special.
Speaker B: They should make it exclusive again a.
Speaker E: Couple of years later.
Speaker C: It's like, what's up with all? Is every fucking assistant GameStop manager in the United States at this fucking thing?
Speaker E: Yes, they.
Speaker D: But here's the thing.
Speaker C: And then it was open to the public. Yeah, it was the decline.
Speaker A: But here's the thing.
Speaker D: All those people were already going to e three. I got a badge from working at Blockbuster. You could already back in the most exclusive days, if you were smart, people.
Speaker B: Could just make their own website and be like, oh, I'm a journalist for.
Speaker D: Derekgames.com, but even that, I think it still made it like you just had.
Speaker B: To put in the effort.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly. It was like, whoa, e three was still like this exclusive thing, but you.
Speaker B: Could get in if you had to cheese it to get in. But that's what made it cool.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: And I really kind of did.
Speaker B: It's part of the experience of it being cool is what made it special. And when they took that away, it was like, well, this is kind of not so cool anymore.
Speaker D: Everybody's here. And it also fell in this weird crack, too, between both where they did open it to the public. But they had it like, oh, it's business the first two days, but then it's public the next two days. But then what would happen is the public would get there, and it's like.
Speaker A: What'S all these private meeting rooms?
Speaker D: It was just this in between state. It was where it's like, oh, here's demos again. If you were with the media, if you were with the press, you could get an appointment to play this new game. Well, then you show up on a public day, and it's like, yeah, you can't get an appointment, so you can wait three and a half hours to play that up there, and it's like, oh, I'm just here to wait in lines. It never worked. I just felt like it didn't work.
Speaker C: And now it's better than a doorknoil.
Speaker B: The last time I went to e three, there was a giant Fortnite booth there. Oh, yeah, I remember that. They had, like, actors or maybe they worked for. I don't know. But they had people in costume.
Speaker D: They were hired.
Speaker B: Yeah, hired.
Speaker A: Hired actors, models and stuff.
Speaker B: Yeah, this dude was, like, really good looking guy, Hollywood actor, and he was wearing the Fortnite unicorn horse around his waist. He looked fucking stupid, honestly.
Speaker C: Well, those costumes do.
Speaker B: Yeah, they all do. And he kind of came up, and I had my phone out, like, taking a video of him, and I just kind of cackled at him. And then I have the video where he just like. And I've never forgot. That was a moment where I was like, oh, yeah, these are humans, too. These people, they're not just here for being punching bags for my entertainment. It was this duality of, like, well, Fortnite is really cringey, and you look like an idiot, but I guess I shouldn't film you and laugh at you to your face. So I felt really guilty about that. But also, it just made me think, like, well, what are we doing? Like, I don't know.
Speaker C: The last year we went, it was weird. I think we saw, like, phil DeFranco on the show floor. That was a long time ago. That wasn't the last time. That's the last memory I have.
Speaker B: Oh, my.
Speaker E: Video I uploaded went up, and then I later, years later, saw him and apologized for the video.
Speaker D: We made good with Phil.
Speaker E: Yeah, don't worry. Oh, I think I'm thinking of a.
Speaker C: Different time or whatever, because I met up with Charles Carroll out there the last time I went, and I thought it was that same trip. Maybe I saw him another.
Speaker E: Maybe I wasn't there.
Speaker C: But, I mean, there were good times, like getting to play guitar hero for the first time.
Speaker B: Well, we saw the Nintendo Wi for the first time behind closed doors.
Speaker C: I was getting free games, too, when it was kind of harder to get into event. There was a lot of freebies that.
Speaker D: Was, I think my favorite e three memory was. I think the first one I went to was, like, 2004. And it was amazing just walking into it, like, oh, my God, I made it here, kind of thing. But I think my favorite actual memory was 2006. The Wi. It was like a fucking middle earth structure that was like, nintendo has this white domed thing, and it's like, in there is, like, the future of video games, like, their next system, and it's like, oh, can you get in there? Oh, Spielberg's people have been holding it up this whole, like, it was like, anyone who was anyone had to get in there. And it was like, yeah, if you wait in line all day, they might let you in, but we don't know. And I remember we were just like, damn, I wish we could. And then one of our bros at know this was two years after we had done all those exclusive videos for their magazine. He walked up. Mark McDonald, shout out, that guy like a badass.
Speaker A: Walked up and said, oh, I didn't.
Speaker D: Know you guys were here.
Speaker A: You haven't played the wi. Hold on. Walk in.
Speaker D: You're good. It was like, holy shit. And getting to play that, that was.
Speaker E: So you have pictures of us doing it?
Speaker D: Yeah, we took so many photos. It was like, commemorate this moment. This is video game history.
Speaker A: And we were probably playing, like, we.
Speaker B: Sport ping Pong 21. Access to anything godlike. That's the point where you have the most friends, and you're like, I'm going to show everybody.
Speaker D: Also, Myspace pictures.
Speaker E: The first e three we went to, it's so cringey to me thinking about it now. But we all wore the same mig 64 shirt. Yeah, because you want people to know who we were.
Speaker C: You did a signing.
Speaker D: Not the first year.
Speaker E: The second year, though. First year, we got a hotel room ourselves and went ourselves, I think. And we just wore our shirts before we even sold shirts. Our friends made us these shirts, and we was like, well, because we had.
Speaker D: Never, to that point, had not been recognized for Mega 64. And now it's like, wait, we're going.
Speaker A: To a gaming event, guys. I think we might get recognized.
Speaker D: And so it was like, let's wear the shirt so people know who we are.
Speaker E: You did that test yourself.
Speaker D: That made sense.
Speaker B: We did get recognized. Still teenagers.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: We were. I think I was 18. You guys were 19. Yeah, we thought we were hot shit. It was like being in a band. And we're going to rep our brand.
Speaker D: Yeah, absolutely.
Speaker B: Before people ever talked, looking back now.
Speaker E: It'S like the picture go, oh, man. But it's still a sweet memory.
Speaker D: This is going to sound. I think I've talked about this in the past, I'm sure, over the time, but the first person from the game industry, in any form that ever recognized us where it was like, yo, I work in the game industry.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker D: These know, cool videos or whatever was Ryan Davis.
Speaker A: Ryan Davis.
Speaker D: Originally, game spot. I always get that mixed up game spot. And then later, giant bomb. Rest in peace, Ryan. Miss him very much.
Speaker A: But he was the first person who.
Speaker D: Ever reached out to us. And then when that e three happened, he reached out to us again. Yo, here's all the parties you should go to. I got you into all these cool parties at e three. And again, it was just like, whoa. And then we went and it was.
Speaker A: Like, you guys are all 21?
Speaker D: No.
Speaker A: Okay, bye.
Speaker D: I mean, none of us were.
Speaker B: I remember arguing with the guy.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Because he was like, let me see your id. I was like, here you go.
Speaker A: He's like, yeah, you're 18.
Speaker B: I was like, no, my name is on the list.
Speaker D: Yeah, you don't get it.
Speaker B: And he was like, yeah, get out of line. And I was like, my shirt?
Speaker D: Do you know who we are?
Speaker B: I made a Tetris video.
Speaker D: And then I remember emailing Ryan Davis that night, and he was just like.
Speaker A: Yeah, I didn't even think about that.
Speaker D: You guys aren't 21?
Speaker A: Wow. Yeah.
Speaker D: No, you couldn't have gone in there.
Speaker C: Come back in a couple of years, kid.
Speaker B: That hurt. But I think it was worse going to pax a few years later when we were 24, 25, got invited to this frag dolls party at the. And the bouncer was like, you're not coming in. You guys got the wrong shoes.
Speaker D: Yeah, look at your shoes.
Speaker A: What?
Speaker B: And he basically said, you're all fucking dorks.
Speaker E: You all have.
Speaker B: Pointed to Gary. He's like, this guy could come in, but the rest of you can't. No, it wasn't the boots. This guy's cool. I mean, he said you had proper shoes, but the vibe was like, this guy's cool, but the rest of you fucking nerds better be.
Speaker C: I stood in solidarity, though, and I said, if my friends can't come in, I don't want you here.
Speaker E: Get me?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And the frag dolls, whoever invited us came running up to our booth the next day. Yeah, where are you guys?
Speaker A: Fuck.
Speaker B: You said you told the story and they were like, everybody in there had shitty shoes. They were all dorks.
Speaker D: We were leaving and I was, like, almost back to our hotel, and I had a million texts that were like, where did you go? Why did you leave shoes? I heard it's about shoes. There's people in here in sandals.
Speaker A: What's happening?
Speaker D: Why are they doing that? And I'm just like, too late. I have left. That's not going back.
Speaker E: So much cooler since then that now I have no problem getting. Yeah, you wear sandals.
Speaker D: I could show a barefoot, and they'd be like, yeah, he's coming in.
Speaker E: Oh, we need in here.
Speaker D: Yeah, get in there for free.
Speaker E: Anyways, I feel like we went a little long this week, but I'm still talking.
Speaker D: Sean, you're not wrapping this up. Sorry. I had nothing else to say.
Speaker E: I knew it.
Speaker D: I needed to rebel against.
Speaker C: Now we got to review seafood from.
Speaker A: Boston for next ten minutes. Yeah.
Speaker D: Again?
Speaker B: Oh, how.
Speaker C: Dude, dude, it's never bad.
Speaker D: I don't even want to tell you this, man. I'm sorry.
Speaker C: Never bad.
Speaker B: Did you get the scrad?
Speaker E: Did you get the.
Speaker C: No, they took it off.
Speaker B: Shocker.
Speaker D: No scrad and no fucking fish in a bag.
Speaker E: Medical.
Speaker D: You can't even order a bag of fish anymore.
Speaker E: Can you get the hamburger?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Did you get it?
Speaker D: No, you ordered it and it was disgusting. But I wanted a bag of fish and I couldn't even get it. In this woke world we knew.
Speaker E: You keep saying woke.
Speaker D: Yeah, the world's gone.
Speaker A: Woke world's all woke up. Yeah.
Speaker D: And now I can't even do anything.
Speaker E: Is that okay?
Speaker D: I can literally do nothing.
Speaker C: MLB the show is awoke is woke.
Speaker E: A matrix thing.
Speaker A: No. What? No.
Speaker C: You know what?
Speaker D: No kidding.
Speaker E: Conneries gets woken up.
Speaker B: You're going to get canceled.
Speaker D: Well, let me tell you, the fourth matrix movie was woke, if that's what you're saying. No, and that's why I didn't see it.
Speaker E: You know what?
Speaker D: But yeah, no, it's a cultural word.
Speaker C: Comes from another.
Speaker E: I've been called woke, and I'm going to say that is correct. Yeah, I am.
Speaker B: I'm the most sucked.
Speaker C: You would say that.
Speaker D: I'm not going to go in. I did see John Wick four, and now that's woke.
Speaker E: Oh, I didn't see that yet. I got to find the time. So long.
Speaker D: Well, they got the bad guys versus. He's shooting the bad guys, and I'm.
Speaker A: Like, God, wake up.
Speaker D: Like, the bad guys all have guns. I'm like, oh, so they're bad because they've. And the whole thing. And he's going to all these other.
Speaker C: Countries and it's like there's nunchucks.
Speaker D: Yeah, nunchucks. Whatever happened to.
Speaker E: What happened to guns?
Speaker D: Good old fashioned rifle.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And swords, bows and arrows.
Speaker A: Where's John Wick? Two?
Speaker D: I'm not seeing John Wick. Whenever that comes out, I'm skipping. It woke Keanu.
Speaker E: We should have ended it when I said we're going to end it. You know what?
Speaker B: I just want to say systematic injustice is real.
Speaker A: So we are woke.
Speaker B: Deal with it.
Speaker A: Yeah, deal with me.
Speaker E: And if you get in my way to dance competition, you're going to deal with me. And thank you for watching.
Speaker A: And Johnny, thanks for being here.
Speaker D: Johnny, you want to chime in on any of this?
Speaker C: Yeah, actually, do you have something right now?
Speaker A: Yeah. Oh.
Speaker B: No, we can't get.
